Helm docs: make getting started less scary and self contained (#4636)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/helm-charts/mimir-distributed/get-started-helm-charts/_index.md

## Before you begin

> The instructions that follow are common across any flavor of Kubernetes. If you don't have experience with Kubernetes, you can still try by installing a lightweight flavor of Kubernetes, for example [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructions that follow are common across any flavor of Kubernetes. If you don't have experience with Kubernetes, you can install a lightweight flavor of Kubernetes such as [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/).
```

### Software requirements

- Kubernetes 1.20 or higher

> - The [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) command for your version of Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) command for your version of Kubernetes
```

  Run the following command to get both the Kubernetes and `kubectl` version: `kubectl version`. The command prints out the server and client versions, where the server is the Kubernetes itself and client means `kubectl`.

> - The [helm](https://helm.sh) command version 3.8 or higher

Author: ```suggestion
- The [`helm`](https://helm.sh) command version 3.8 or higher
```

## Generate some metrics for testing

The Grafana Mimir Helm chart can collect metrics or logs, or both, about Grafana Mimir itself. This is called _metamonitoring_.
In the example that follows, metamonitoring scrapes metrics about Grafana Mimir itself, and then writes those metrics to the same Grafana Mimir instance.

1. Create a YAML file called `custom.yaml` for your Helm values.

1. To enable metamonitoring in Grafana Mimir, add the following YAML snippet to your Grafana Mimir `custom.yaml` file:

   ```yaml
   metaMonitoring:
     serviceMonitor:
       enabled: true
     grafanaAgent:
       enabled: true
       installOperator: true
       metrics:
         additionalRemoteWriteConfigs:
           - url: "http://mimir-nginx.mimir-test.svc:80/api/v1/push"
   ```

   > **Note:** In a production environment the `url` above would point to an external system, independent of your Grafana Mimir instance, such as an instance of Grafana Cloud Metrics.

1. Upgrade Grafana Mimir by using the `helm` command:

   ```bash
   helm -n mimir-test upgrade mimir grafana/mimir-distributed -f custom.yaml

>    ```

Reviewer 2: Before doing that they should probably install the [grafana agent operator CRDs](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/agent-operator/crds) in the cluster.

Author: Interestingly neither @osg-grafana or me had to do that. The agent operator installed the CRDs. I tested in microk8s that if I delete one (e.g. GrafanaAgent) the subchart simply installed it.

## Start Grafana in Kubernetes and query metrics

1. Install Grafana in the same Kubernetes cluster.

>    For details, see [Deploy Grafana on Kubernetes](/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/kubernetes/).

Reviewer 2: We can get them to install just the grafana chart 👀 

```bash
helm -n mimir-test install grafana grafana/grafana
```

Not feeling strongly, but this command works out of the box and is what people probably need 🤷

Author: hmm, I'll give it a try

1. If you haven't done it as part of the previous step, port-forward Grafana to `localhost`, by using the `kubectl` command:

   ```bash
   kubectl port-forward service/grafana 3000:3000
   ```

1. In a browser, go to the Grafana server at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
1. Sign in using the default username `admin` and password `admin`.
1. On the left-hand side, go to **Configuration** > **Data sources**.
1. Configure a new Prometheus data source to query the local Grafana Mimir server, by using the following settings:

   | Field | Value                                           |
   | ----- | ----------------------------------------------- |
   | Name  | Mimir                                           |
   | URL   | http://mimir-nginx.mimir-test.svc:80/prometheus |

   To add a data source, see [Add a data source](/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/add-a-data-source/).

1. Verify success:

   You should be able to query metrics in [Grafana Explore](/docs/grafana/latest/explore/),

>    as well as create dashboard panels by using your newly configured `Mimir` data source.

Reviewer 2: WDYT about giving an example query? Maybe the distributor ingested samples per second? 

```
sum by (job) (rate(cortex_distributor_samples_in_total[5m]))
```

Author: I had that in an early version but someone commented that it can drift apart from code and not work later...
